NXP-33213: Update Duo Web doc (#2468)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/authentication-and-user-management/nuxeo-duoweb-two-factor-authentication.md

2.  Bind/Use your Duo application to check identity through your mobile phone.
    ![]({{file name='img.png'}} ?w=500)
3.  Confirm identity authorization with your mobile phone.

## Login Plugin Configuration

You must [subscribe](https://signup.duo.com/) to DuoWeb services and follow [DuoWeb documentation](https://duo.com/docs/duoweb) to create all DuoWeb Keys.

> After installing the plugin, make sure before starting to define the following nuxeo configuration property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the plugin, make sure to define the following Nuxeo configuration properties before you start:
```
